>> Jen Kramer: Do we wanna
have any space on the top and
the bottom of those clickable,
those buttons?
Are you happy with the way that it looks?
Do you want a little more space
on the top and the bottom?
Around the word?
>> Jen Kramer: Is that padding or
is that margin?
So I guess it must be padding.
Where are we gonna put that,
on the li or the a?
>> Speaker 2: A.
>> Jen Kramer: on the A, okay,
why on the A?
>> Speaker 2: Because we're dealing with
the item itself, like we want more space.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
we're going to put some padding on that.
So let's say padding, one rim that'll put
one rim of padding on all four sides.
Except it didn't actually, did it?
What just happened?
Well, I haven't told you.
In line elements, which are the A's right
is there the A's are only as wide as
their content their inline elements.
You can only add padding to either side.
>> Jen Kramer: And, so
you see there that we,
actually looks like the border
might have moved a little bit.
Maybe it's in line with
that top border there.
But it hasn't really done
what we want it to do.
We'd actually need to put
this padding on the Li for
this to work a little bit better.
That made really big honkin big buttons.
And that's probably
a little too much padding.
So let's dial that back just a smidge.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Is that true for
margins as well?
>> Jen Kramer: It is not necessarily true
for, well yes, actually that is true for
inline elements and margins as well.
Yep, yeah, that is true.
Okay, so
before we move on to the clickable area,
anybody want a hover state?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Jen Kramer: Right now, we have lovely
buttons, and when we hover over them,
nothing happens, right?
So let's say that we wanna
go to a hover state.
>> Jen Kramer: So how do I write that?
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: A colon hover.
>> Jen Kramer: Is it A colon hover,
or is it something else?
>> Speaker 3: I, M?
>> Jen Kramer: It's definitely
a colon hover is part of it, but
what is this gonna do for me?
That's a hover state for
every link in my whole document.
If I just want to do the nav bar,
my what's my selector?
>> Speaker 3: Nav a.
>> Jen Kramer: Nav a.
Nav a hover, okay?
And you can do whatever you want here.
But just to keep things moving
let's say background color white,
color: red.
So now when I roll over these buttons,
they are going to invert.
>> Jen Kramer: But
only in the clickable area,
which is the actual a tag itself,
see that?
It's not the whole button,
it's just the word.
Anyone bothered by that?
Don't you think like if I roll over here
on the edge of the button that it is
a whole thing should change color?
Okay, so this is big trick.
When you're working with this
a it's an inline element.
It's only as big as its content.
The Li is a is a block level element.
It's as big as its container.
We set that up to be 10 rems or
something in width.
So now what we need to do is somehow we
have to figure out how to make our a,
which is the only thing that's
going to be clickable here.
We need to make it as big
as the rest of the button.
>> Jen Kramer: So a way to do that, is we
need to change it from being an inline
element to being a block-level element.
>> Jen Kramer: Does that make sense?
So then our A becomes
as big as its parent.
What's its parent?
>> Speaker 3: LI?
>> Jen Kramer: The LI And
now the whole button
area becomes clickable.
Does that make sense?
Okay, so that's actually
easier than you might think.
Right here on the nav a, all we have
to do is use the display property.
And we're gonna change our
display property to block.
>> Jen Kramer: You can see how that's
going to then move that clickable area to
fill that button area.
Except it's not quit
going out to the edges.
Why is that?
>> Jen Kramer: We have some
padding on our li, right?
And now that this a is
a block-level element,
we can move that padding to the a itself.
And now, see, we've stretched our whole
clickable area to fill the whole button.
Does that make sense?
Okay, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Will that trick work for
horizontal as well or just vertical?
>> Jen Kramer: It will work for
horizontal as well, yep.
Okay, how's everybody doing?
Have your heads exploded yet?
>> Speaker 2: Did you successfully get
the background color to change on hover?
>> Jen Kramer: So now the whole
button background color changes.
See that?
>> Speaker 2: Mine doesn't.
>> Jen Kramer: Yours doesn't?
Do you have a syntax error somewhere
maybe, missing semicolon, easy to do.